Good evening , I am Akshay Sutar 
I hope you are doing well.As you know I am here to appreciate the opportunity to share some insights on your company based on your queries. Your pinpoint questions were helpful in guiding me towards the insights you needed . I assure you that the analysis is based on accurate and up-to-date data. I made sure to clean the data by removing records with negative quantities and unit prices to provide you with useful insights.

Initially , I would like to address your query regarding the revenue trend to determine if retail sales are seasonal. As you can see here, based on the data, there are specific months in 2011 where sales are significant. The first eight months, from January to August, show stable revenue. Revenue starts to increase in September and this trend continues until November, with the highest revenue of $1.5 million for the entire year. This graph shows that there is an possibility of seasonality which affects retail store sales, with the trend happening mainly in the last four months of the year.

Then in next insight , here I have identified the top 10 countries with the most potential for growth, excluding the UK since it already has high demand. The data shows that the Netherlands, Ireland, Germany, and France have high sales of units and income. It would be good to focusing on these nations to seize the potential for growth.

Afterwards ,as per the requirement, I analyzed the top 10 consumers who made the most purchases from the company. There are not many differences in the purchases made by these consumers, and the highest revenue-generating consumer only spent almost little amount than the second highest. This indicates that the company does not solely rely on a small number of consumers to generate income, and negotiations with consumers are limited. indicating a positive state of business.

Finally , here is the map which compares the places that generated the most revenue to those that did not. with the exception of the UK. The data shows that the Netherlands, Ireland, Germany, France, and Australia generate high profits, and the company should invest more in these nations to increase product demand. The map also reveals that most sales occur in the European zone, with only a few in the American region. There is no market for the products in Africa or Asia, along with Russia. Implementing a fresh strategy in these areas may increase sales revenue and profitability.
Thank you for your time…